Psalm 49 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 49 to the chief musician a psalm of the sons of coda hear this all
of the sons of coda hear this all
of the sons of coda hear this all peoples give ear all inhabitants of the
peoples give ear all inhabitants of the
peoples give ear all inhabitants of the world both low and high rich and poor
world both low and high rich and poor
world both low and high rich and poor together my mouth shall speak wisdom and
together my mouth shall speak wisdom and
together my mouth shall speak wisdom and the meditation of my heart shall give
the meditation of my heart shall give
the meditation of my heart shall give understanding
understanding
understanding I will incline my ear to a proverb I
I will incline my ear to a proverb I
I will incline my ear to a proverb I will disclose my dark saying on the harp
will disclose my dark saying on the harp
will disclose my dark saying on the harp why should I fear in the days of evil
why should I fear in the days of evil
why should I fear in the days of evil when the iniquity at my heel surrounds
when the iniquity at my heel surrounds
when the iniquity at my heel surrounds me those who trust in their wealth and
me those who trust in their wealth and
me those who trust in their wealth and boast in the multitude of their riches
boast in the multitude of their riches
boast in the multitude of their riches none of them and by any means redeem his
none of them and by any means redeem his
none of them and by any means redeem his brother nor give to God a ransom for him
brother nor give to God a ransom for him
brother nor give to God a ransom for him for the redemption of their souls is
for the redemption of their souls is
for the redemption of their souls is costly and it shall cease forever that
costly and it shall cease forever that
costly and it shall cease forever that he should continue to live eternally and
he should continue to live eternally and
he should continue to live eternally and not see the pit for he sees wise men die
not see the pit for he sees wise men die
not see the pit for he sees wise men die likewise the fool and the senseless
likewise the fool and the senseless
likewise the fool and the senseless person perish and leave their wealth to
person perish and leave their wealth to
person perish and leave their wealth to others their inner thought is that their
others their inner thought is that their
others their inner thought is that their houses will last forever their dwelling
houses will last forever their dwelling
houses will last forever their dwelling places to all generations they call
places to all generations they call
places to all generations they call their lands after their own names
their lands after their own names
their lands after their own names nevertheless man going honor does not
nevertheless man going honor does not
nevertheless man going honor does not remain he is like the beasts that perish
remain he is like the beasts that perish
remain he is like the beasts that perish this is the way of those who are foolish
this is the way of those who are foolish
this is the way of those who are foolish and of their posterity who approved
and of their posterity who approved
and of their posterity who approved their sayings like sheep they are laid
their sayings like sheep they are laid
their sayings like sheep they are laid in the grave death shall feed on them
in the grave death shall feed on them
in the grave death shall feed on them the upright shall have dominion over
the upright shall have dominion over
the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning and their beauty
them in the morning and their beauty
them in the morning and their beauty shall be consumed in the grave far from
shall be consumed in the grave far from
shall be consumed in the grave far from their dwelling but God will redeem my
their dwelling but God will redeem my
their dwelling but God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave for he
soul from the power of the grave for he
soul from the power of the grave for he shall receive me do not be afraid when
shall receive me do not be afraid when
shall receive me do not be afraid when one becomes rich when the glory of his
one becomes rich when the glory of his
one becomes rich when the glory of his house is increased for when he dies he
house is increased for when he dies he
house is increased for when he dies he shall carry nothing away his glory shall
shall carry nothing away his glory shall
shall carry nothing away his glory shall not descend after him though while he
not descend after him though while he
not descend after him though while he lives he blesses himself for men will
lives he blesses himself for men will
lives he blesses himself for men will praise you when you do well for yourself
praise you when you do well for yourself
praise you when you do well for yourself he shall go to the generation of his
he shall go to the generation of his
he shall go to the generation of his father's they shall never see light a
father's they shall never see light a
father's they shall never see light a man who is in honor yet does not
man who is in honor yet does not
man who is in honor yet does not understand it's like the beasts that
understand it's like the beasts that
understand it's like the beasts that perish
perish
perish [Music]